Justin Florentine (Besu): What's up, cat herders? Good morning.
Pooja Ranjan: Very good morning, Justin. You always add a lot of energy in the call.
Justin Florentine (Besu): I just started my second cup of coffee, so, you know…
Pooja Ranjan: Had early morning, I am on the first one yet.
Justin Florentine (Besu): Fuck.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah.
Jihoon: Hello guys, I think we can wait a few more minutes until we have more people.
Jihoon: Alright, 3 minutes in, I think.
Jihoon: We can kick this off.
Akash | ECH: Yeah, we are live.
Jihoon: Okay, thank you.
Jihoon: All right, hello everyone, welcome to Fossil breakout number 25.
Jihoon: I've prepared 3 agenda today, 4…
Jihoon: Yeah, hello, Stefan. The first one is…
Jihoon: A fossil has CFI for HECA.
Jihoon: So, we can talk a little bit about it. And then, as always, we can move on to development updates.
Jihoon: And then, as a last one, I haven't updated the GitHub issue yet, but I just wanted to ask, what do we think about, like.
Jihoon: when to have the next breakout call, because some people might have some vacation for next week. Yeah, that's the third and last agenda.
Jihoon: So… Yeah, let's jump into the first one. So, you know, as everyone knows.
Jihoon: Or you might know, Fossil has CFIs for HECA, and…
Jihoon: there will be the headliner process begins on January 8th.
Jihoon: It will last for a month, and then we will pick the headliner for HECA.
Jihoon: Here's the… Ethereum Magician Post, if you want to learn more details.
Jihoon: Let me share it in the chat.
Jihoon: I know that it's not done yet, but I just want to say thank you, everyone, who has been researching and developing fossil
Jihoon: voicing out for fossil… Attending ACD calls, and also breakout.
Jihoon: Talking to many people in various channels.
Jihoon: Sometimes it goes contentious unexpectedly, whether you are pro or against Fossil sharing your constructive feedback.
Jihoon: Has been… and will be helpful.
Jihoon: We're not done yet, but we're doing a great job, I'mma say.
Jihoon: We have 2 months more to go to SFI Fossil, and then many months to go to ship it, but we got this. Thank you.
Jihoon: Yep, so next up, development updates.
Jihoon: Maybe I can go first. I've rebased the EL spec, I mean, execution spec, from Osaka to Amsterdam.
Jihoon: Here's the link if anyone wants to take a look into it.
Jihoon: And… yeah, that's pretty much it from my end. Does anyone have anything to share?
Jihoon: Great, so Lowestar has rebased to the latest flu.
Jihoon: Did you try interop between wrath and…
Jihoon: Aragon, using this lowest star image.
Faheel: I, I tried, before, Lodestar got rebased.
Faheel: So, I'll, I'll try again with, after, after the rebates, yeah.
Jihoon: Did it… did it work?
Faheel: Yeah, last time, like,
Faheel: the issue was that, like, there was, like, some data availability, problems which it was running into, the, Lodestar node, but, after I disabled, like, the blobs, spamming it, it worked.
Faheel: So… Yeah, I'll just check, recheck again, see if it's working with the new image.
Jihoon: Got it, it sounds like it should work, because blob is something that we don't touch in fossils, so…
Faheel: Yeah.
Faheel: And.
Jihoon: Can you also share your Kurtosis config?
Faheel: Yeah, I'll… how do I share it? It's on…
Jihoon: I think you can just share it.
Jihoon: I mean, you can upload it to your… yeah, you can upload it to your GitHub, or if you just prefer to share
Jihoon: script, just sharing in the, Discord channel.
Faheel: Okay, okay, yeah, I'll link it, okay.
Matthew Keil: Yeah, that you could when you…
Matthew Keil: When you get any error messages or any DA issues, do me a favor and just DM them. I'd love to see what you're running across.
Faheel: Okay, yeah, thank you.
Jihoon: Do you have any other update? Yes, please?
Pelle Krabbenhoeft: Not so much, Sean.
Pelle Krabbenhoeft: Sorry. Not so much on REF, but I've been working on the sidecar to try to get some more data on sensor transactions. So, I have the…
Pelle Krabbenhoeft: like, the MVP for that working. I've just been using a free…
Pelle Krabbenhoeft: RPC APIs and stuff, just to test it, so I will eventually need… I'm trying to get my own node running right now, or I may need someone else's RPC node to do some real testing with it, but, I'm not sure if I'll have enough storage, but we'll see.
Jihoon: Do you have any article that lays out your research direction?
Pelle Krabbenhoeft: I don't… sorry. I don't have anything right now, but I could definitely work on something. Right now, it's just a real basic proof of concept, just trying to see if I can, what I can find.
Pelle Krabbenhoeft: But yeah.
Jihoon: Yeah, sounds great. I think it'll be really nice if you can, you know, make… write… write it down, then I can ask… I'm gonna review it myself, of course, but I'm gonna also ask other… other researchers to review it, so then we can elaborate it, I mean, improve it. So, yeah, if you are interested.
Jihoon: Definitely.
Pelle Krabbenhoeft: Yeah, sounds great.
Jihoon: Great.
Jihoon: Do we have more updates?
Jihoon: Alright, it seems nuts, so I think we can move on.
Jihoon: So… Last but not least, I just wanted to ask,
Jihoon: Yeah, do we wanna cancel our next breakout call? Wait.
Jihoon: Let me read the chat.
Jihoon: Right, so… until January 5th?
Jihoon: There will be no ACD call, except this… the one that we have this week.
Jihoon: So…
Jihoon: Yes, next month is planned for… planned on the 30th of December.
Jihoon: Yes.
Jihoon: Alright, I think…
Jihoon: we can cancel next one, which was scheduled on the 30th of December, which is also in line with our ACD schedule.
Jihoon: Just wanted to ask one more time if…
Jihoon: People are preparing something to share in two weeks.
Jihoon: Otherwise, we can just cancel next one and see in… 4 weeks, which should be…
Jihoon: on the 13th of January.
Jihoon: Yes, Katen?
Katya: Yeah, if we cancel this December 30, it means that we, won't meet before January 8th, alright? So…
Katya: Before this HECA process decision, or…
Jihoon: Are you asking… So… I… do you have…
Katya: Yeah.
Katya: I always have concerns, like, do we need to meet before, before this HECA process, or not, or…
Matthew Keil: Bite like heck, we're gonna go! Yay!
Jihoon: Yeah, so, I think it should be fine, because it is just the beginning of the process, and the process will last for a month, and it is collecting
Jihoon: EIPs.
Jihoon: that people want to propose for the headliner for HECA, it is not the process that we select for the headliner, so I think it should be fine. But of course, like.
Jihoon: If you want to discuss something, or if you want to share something, you can always share it in the Discord, so that people can see it.
Jihoon: Or, if you want to discuss something with me, I'm very reachable, so… yeah.
Jihoon: And…
Jihoon: Yeah, so we had many a thumbs up for canceling next one, so I guess we can see on the…
Jihoon: 13th of January.
Jihoon: And… yeah, there's… That's all that I've prepared for today. Does anyone have anything to share or discuss?
Jihoon: Going once… Going twice… Alright, we can go ahead and wrap this up.
Jihoon: Ollie, yeah, thank you everyone joining this call. I hope you guys have a great…
Jihoon: End of year, and see you guys in 4 weeks!
Jihoon: Thank you.
Katya: Bye, everyone.